README.md, before:

# Level Generator

## Objective

Generate tile-based [levels](definitions/level_definition.md#what-is-a-level) in a [Metroidvania](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metroidvania) style.

The project is also a testbed for me to learn the [RUST programming language](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

## Requirements

All the requirements for the implementation are located in [their own section](requirements/README.md).

## Reasoning

I am not a `game developer`. I am a `backend developer`, focused on "_enterprise software_".

As most developers, I started developing "_enterprise software_" to eventually become a `game developer` but now all my skills are oriented to this much different scenario.

Even so, I want to challenge myself: I want to try and make something that uses my skills to generate a game-kind-of-thing and maybe light the kindle I need to finally start game developing.

Here is hope.

## Credits

I have to thank [ThatGuyGlen](https://www.youtube.com/@ThatGuyGlen/) for their [breakdown on how Dead Cells was made](https://youtu.be/0MY03yNkuFI).
When they talked about level generation, I suddenly got the idea that _hey, I can do that!_

Suffice to say, I couldn't take that idea out of my head until I did something about it and now here we are.

Commit message:

Adding architecture section in main readme

README.md, after:

# Level Generator

## Objective

Generate tile-based [levels](definitions/level_definition.md#what-is-a-level) in a [Metroidvania](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metroidvania) style.

The project is also a testbed for me to learn the [RUST programming language](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

## Requirements

All the requirements for the implementation are located in [their own section](requirements/README.md).

## Architecture

Architectural drawings are essential to the understanding of the [requirements](#requirements), being laid out in [their own section](architecture/README.md).

## Reasoning

I am not a `game developer`. I am a `backend developer`, focused on "_enterprise software_".

As most developers, I started developing "_enterprise software_" to eventually become a `game developer` but now all my skills are oriented to this much different scenario.

Even so, I want to challenge myself: I want to try and make something that uses my skills to generate a game-kind-of-thing and maybe light the kindle I need to finally start game developing.

Here is hope.

## Credits

I have to thank [ThatGuyGlen](https://www.youtube.com/@ThatGuyGlen/) for their [breakdown on how Dead Cells was made](https://youtu.be/0MY03yNkuFI).
When they talked about level generation, I suddenly got the idea that _hey, I can do that!_

Suffice to say, I couldn't take that idea out of my head until I did something about it and now here we are.
